Everybody wants to crack cold paid
advertising, but most of you absolutely
suck at it. When you're talking about
hitting million-dollar months, cold paid
advertising is one of the greatest
possible places that you can look for a
huge quantity of people that are just
sitting there wanting what you have to
sell. But it takes very particular ways
of marketing to these people and then
selling to them. There's specific
funnels. There's even specific offers
that you can do. And in this video here
today, I'm going to go through the best
advertising practices, the best
marketing practices as well for selling
to cold paid audiences, not just at
scale, but also at the very beginning.
We're going to kind of talk about both.
So, for all those unaware, my name is
Jeremy Haynes. I'm an advertiser. I've
been an agency owner now for over a
decade. We've helped 40 different
businesses currently. We're working on
41 and 42 hit milliondoll months. And
I'm not talking about one-off
million-dollar months. We ideally get
them there and keep them there and push
them up from there. For all those who
are already subscribers, welcome back.
It's always a pleasure to have you here
with us. I got another banger for you
here today. Without further ado, let's
dive in. So, my first point is
relatively simple. Yet, most people
surprisingly never do it. When you're
talking about cold paid advertising, you
look at the differences. Okay? A lot of
people, give or take who you are, this
is a majority, at least from what we
experience, have sold something to some
type of organic audience. And
unbeknownst to you, there's a certain
timeline that goes past and a certain
amount of consumption that occurs with a
lot of your free content that's on
different platforms like YouTube,
Instagram, Tik Tok, and all the other
places you host it. They might have even
seen you at an event on somebody else's
podcast, speaking gig, wherever, and
they become aware of you. They consume
an unbound amount of content that you're
technically oblivious to. And then
eventually by the time they finally get
through your specific funnel and they
get in your webinar, on your challenge
funnel to your events, on your call
funnel, in your DMs, wherever it is,
they're really warm and they're
essentially just layup deals. Your sales
people are just cashiers. They're just
glorified cashiers. They don't really do
a lot of selling and they're really easy
to close. And then when you finally
start advertising, you realize that your
warm audiences this entire time have
been retargetable. These are all the
people who have watched your videos to
high thresholds. These are the people
who have interacted with your different
social profiles. No matter what the
platform is, these are all your website
interactions, your email lists, etc. And
you get the opportunity to start
advertising. And that market,
specifically your warm audiences, is
obviously the easiest way to step into
officially paying directly to acquired
customers. So, you get stuck there for a
little bit. You attempt to scale it up
and eventually you hit a hard ceiling
and you realize you're not going to be
able to get more dollars off. You got to
officially dip into cold. And then when
you officially try cold advertising, in
most instances, you roll over whatever
the current funnel is that's working
relatively well with your warm
audiences, but not as well as your
organic to people who literally don't
know you. And it flops. And it flops for
a very clear reason. You're not
replicating anything that's happened
organically with even your warm
advertising efforts. For the most part,
content and a lot of consumption and
framing material is generally what gets
people sold. Okay? But here's the thing.
you don't necessarily have a lot of
dollars when you first get into cold
paid advertising. And when you're first
starting off with those audiences,
direct response is likely still your
best bet. It can be the most
cost-effective way to still acquire
customers who have no idea who the [__]
you are, but you have to go about it in
a very specific manner. And that's what
this first point is all about. You can
have specific offers and specific
funnels that are built strategically for
people who have no idea who you are. the
goal. Okay, and this is very important
to understand when when advertising to
cold audiences, people who have no clue
who you are. It's just like the organic
audiences. The organic people who had no
clue who you are, they watch a video
from you generally and it gives them a
taste. Okay? Just like in videos like
this, I demonstrate to you value that
you can turn around and actually use
that ideally is going to get you a
result and make you some money. And then
you realize, wow, this guy actually
knows what the [__] he's talking about
and I like his style and I like the way
he is. I might want to watch more from
this guy so I can try to make more
money. Eventually, it clicks. You
finally realize the paid thing that I
consistently promote in all of the
videos might actually be worth taking a
look at. You finally go through the
funnel and again, there's an unbound
amount of content that you've consumed.
So, you come through really well framed.
You're essentially ready to buy. Cold
audiences, they have no clue who you
are. You have to replicate that process.
And it can be done in a few different
ways. On my channel, I consistently talk
about these things called content
marketing strategies. Little propaganda
machines that you can set up that take
people who have no idea who you are, put
a sequence of content in front of them.
We refer to that strategy. It's my
original ad strategy as the Venus fly
trap. We've since iterated on it, now
have a version of it. We call the Venus
fly trap 2.0. That's one way to acquire
cold audiences who have no clue who you
are. But the easier and more coste
effective way to do it is direct
response advertising with a little bit
of content marketing worked in on the
back end. Okay. So what we typically do
with clients both at the very beginning
and that we end up scaling up as well
into those audience types is build out
specific offers and specific funnels
that are for people who have no idea and
no previous interaction at all with that
brand and business. We have to think
with something that is essentially
risk-free. Something that gives those
people an opportunity to be able to
consume information in a way that
doesn't necessarily make them put a lot
of dollars on the line to do so. And
you'll still occasionally see this work
really well with warm audiences, too.
Just because they've had historical
interaction with you doesn't necessarily
mean that they're ready to convert on
the higher ticket thing that you ideally
want to sell to them. They need
something that comes first. Okay, let me
give you an example of what a few of
these funnels look like. If you check
this out specifically, a lot of these
funnels end up being things like
webinars. They end up being things like
challenge funnels. Low ticket to high
ticket can work really well for cold
audiences. You could even have like
demos where you give people access to
things for a small duration of time to
let them really experience it. We do
this as an example with my master
internet marketing program. We have a
seven-week live class. When you buy it
and we're not doing the live class, you
get immediate access to the historical
recordings that we've done, which are
still [__] baller. And it's 7 weeks.
Each class is like 3 to 5 hours in
length. There's dozens of videos in
between each one of those live classes.
Those are the homework libraries.
There's worksheets. It's all kinds of
SOPs, financial models, just a ton of
information. And it's really, really
valuable. And you get lifetime access to
it. We give away the first week at no
cost to people. That way they can
actually see that we're not full of
[__] The first week specifically in our
sevenweek live class talks a lot in
depth about the mindset of somebody
who's digital marketing that we hold and
then we encourage others to hold. And
it's really good. It still gives away
some tactical information like financial
modeling, thinking with bottlenecks.
Again, you'll walk away from that class
and you'll definitely have something
that makes you say, I can go turn around
and make more money as a result of
watching that. However, we only give you
that first live class specifically the
recording. There's no homework libraries
you get access to and obviously you
don't get access to any of the other
weeks 2 through 7, but it works really
well. It gives people an opportunity who
have seen videos just like this. And by
the way, there's a link for that down in
the description. It gives people an
opportunity who watch videos just like
this, which by the way, we also take and
put in front of people who have no idea
who the [__] we are through cold
advertising. We then do the same exact
thing. We say, "Hey man, why don't you
get a week free? It's about 4 hours
worth of a class. It's really valuable.
Um, you could check it out. If that's
too long for you or too much, we'd
encourage that you go do this." So, I'm
going to give you a few examples
specific to my business, and I'm also
going to talk specifically about some
offers that we've helped some clients
put together. So, just recently, we've
taken all of my content advertising
strategies, and we put them into one
official document. Okay? And rather than
putting literally every single one in
there, we put about three to four of
them in there. And this document looks
really cool. It's got a big yellow cover
on it, little photo. I mean, it says
content first advertising strategies. We
charge less than 100 bucks for it.
There's no link for this in the
description. I don't want people like
you to buy that. I know people like you
are more probable to just go right away
to my higher ticket offers. So that's
what we encourage you to do and those
are the links in the description that
you'll see. However, via direct response
advertising again targeting people who
literally have no idea who I am. They've
never had exposure to me. They have no
idea if they can trust me. They need
something that's low risk. So, I can
easily in under a minute explain the
concept of what content first
advertising strategies are, why they
make sense, the amount of money that
we've spent and made on them roughly,
and then say, "Hey, under a hundred
bucks, why not take a shot? Bread
through it, take some action." You're
clearly going to [__] me when you buy it
if you go out and actually take action
on these things. And that's the whole
point. I want to essentially bribe you
into purchasing one of my higher ticket
things by providing an immense amount of
value upfront and an easy consumable.
Soon as they purchase that, we have some
upsells on the back end such as a video
training library that pairs with that
SOP manual that's under 100 bucks as
well. That's an intended AOV lift
effort. We're just trying to get more
money out of the average buyer. So
instead of being break even on acquiring
cold audiences, we can actually be
profitable. Ideally, you'd want to be
the same. We then have a third upsell. I
have all these different masterminds
that I've spoke at beyond my own and
they're really good. Obviously, when you
go to a mastermind and you spend tens of
thousands of dollars to go to an event,
I generally show out for those. So, we
take those specific recordings, same
thing, put them into a library. That
one, I want to say, is closer to about
two, maybe even $300 in our upsell
sequence. And again, just an effort to
get people to upsell. We have my free
book, uh, What I Wish I Knew, getting
started. I believe there is also
availability for that on Amazon where we
don't have like upsell sequences behind
it, but we give that book away all the
time, too. It's very easy to read. It's
short. It's direct. It's to the point.
It's the exact way that I communicate
regularly and there's some call to
actions throughout it to go and get
something else that's a little more
expensive or I should say a little more
costly. My point being these are very
like loweffort lowrisk funnels, okay,
and offers that cold audiences regularly
take me up on because again it's very
important you understand this part. If
you try to take your current offer that
is high ticket and the current funnels
that work best for you on your organic
and even warm audiences and you just try
to take them to cold and they don't
work, that's where you then need to do
what I just described. You have to lower
the risk level and make it easier for
somebody to say yes. The fastest way to
generally do this is to take something a
part of your main thing and break it out
just like what I did in my example I
provided to you. We go indepth into
content marketing strategies in the
master internet marketing class. We go
in extreme depth into the content
advertising strategies that we've
created for our inner circle member and
obviously for our clients. However, due
to the fact that that is a really easy
thing to articulate to people and makes
extreme sense to do whether you know me
or not. I can break that out of the main
offer that we have and I don't have to
teach all of them. I can teach a few of
them and I can sell it for low ticket in
order to create a lower risk offer, a
specific funnel that's perfect for cold
traffic that leads them to have a higher
probability to purchase the main thing
that it was broke out from. I could do
the same thing with financial models. I
commonly tell people how dumb they are
in the advertising space for not doing
basic math, but most people just don't
know how. They don't have the skill of
financially modeling out whatever kind
of funnel they're going to try to spend
some money on. It's like a crystal ball.
Financial modeling allows you to just
see into the future for what your
dollars are probable to turn into or
technically, you know, you spend certain
amounts and then you lose certain
amounts ahead of time before you
actually risk the dollars. It gives you
clarity into what each specific high
lever KPI needs to be and hold at or
stay above or below in order to produce
the outcome of turning money into more
money. Why go into an advertising
process and not be exceptionally clear
on how much you need to spend, how much
you need to turn that money into, what
all the KPIs need to be to turn that
money into more money. Why just guess
when you could just do the math ahead of
time? That's another example of breaking
something out of my main offer that's
easy to teach and talk about. I don't
have to teach every financial model for
all the most common advertising
strategies that we're going to encourage
people to do. I can just teach like some
of the most common strategies that they
might be doing. like maybe I do a
webinar financial model, maybe I do a
callunnel financial model, things like
that. My point being in a very
simplistic and super easy to execute
way, I just break something out from my
main product, sell that on the front
end, add a few upsells to it to ideally
be profitable on the acquisition of
these customer types, nurture those
people the same way that I would with an
organic audience, the same way that I
would with a warm audience. Once I
officially acquire those people, I can
pull off this last step. I can
subsidize. This is really important to
understand. I can spend money to acquire
somebody and ideally be profitable and
then I can subsidize hammering the [__]
out of that person with content to
replicate my organic sales process via
paid ads. I can hammer them via email. I
can hammer them via content remarketing
strategies. I can have my sales team
strategically follow up and provide
value to those different people that
purchased those. And it becomes a low
ticket to high ticket strategy. One of
my clients just recently, and I made a
whole video about this, did a challenge
funnel where they produced a little just
shy, it was just a hair shoty of $4
million including the tickets. They
produced $3.4 million on the uh event
itself that they did, okay? And we
called it a three-day event, but again,
it was just a three-day challenge
funnel. We had the client sell front-end
tickets in the exact way I just
articulated to you, I do with my lower
ticket offers. We took the client's main
offer, which for them specifically, they
have a $10,000 offer and a $35,000
offer, and we broke out some specific
topics that people who don't know the
client yet will care about learning
regardless as to whether they know the
client or not. Okay? We break those out
into the event topics that are going to
be covered throughout that 3 days. We
give a very fair price. In this case, it
was about hundred-ish dollars, give or
take, when they purchased. There were a
few upsells throughout that process.
After the person purchased, we had over
70% of those people show up, sold them a
$10,000 product at the event. And again,
we made $3.4 million in those $10,000
and a few $35,000 sales to that specific
audience. Plus, on the front end, we
were about 1.9x rorowaz positive on the
acquisition of those people to go to the
event where the real money was going to
be made. There's a few things to
consider here. If you are looking
ideally to turn money into more money in
a tight time frame, something like that
challenge funnel can do a really good
job at that. That was about a month and
a half almost 2 months of promotion, but
we were turning money into more money
with the ticket sales. So, we were
already covering the credit card bills
and the expenses of the ad dollars going
into the event. Okay? Like in the
example I provided to you that we'll use
my content advertising strategies for. I
can use financial modeling for and the
few upsells associated with it. I can
cover the ad dollars with ease and
technically put a few extra dollars in
my pocket that I can use to subsidize my
hammer them campaigns and my content
remarketing strategies and the soft
costs that there are to ascend that
person. And this is the intention,
right? No matter what type of funnel I
do, I'm ideally profitable on the front
end. So, I'm covering those dollars or
if I'm going to risk dollars and I'm not
going to be profitable on the front end,
I need to have a really tight sales time
frame. Okay, this is the difference with
organic audiences and cold paid
advertising audiences that you have to
consider. Organic for you sitting here
right now. There's an unbound amount of
time that you could sit here and consume
my content before you get to the
eventual point. We're getting into one
of my offers like the inner circle where
we do twice a month one-on-one calls,
weekly group calls, quarterly
masterminds in person right here in
Miami, Florida. And we have the group
chat full of rich people trying to get a
hell of a lot richer. We also just added
Jeremy AI to that which gives you as an
inner circle member unlimited messaging,
voice minutes, and videos with it. You
can literally Zoom and have it do ads
with you while you film. Can do a whole
webinar build out, a VSSL buildout. It
could be a part of your ongoing team
meetings if you want me there as a
consultant with AI Jeremy acting in my
place. It can give you access to me in
real time. And by the way, it's trained
on over a decade of my material. It is
impressive what we've done with Jeremy
AI and we've gotten exceptional feedback
on it so far. By the time you get to the
point where you actually see that link
down in the description or in that
pinned comment from the channel and you
say, "You know what? I'm ready to take
this guy up on that. I want to get a
fuckload richer and I'm tired of just
getting the surface level free stuff
this guy's got. I don't know the amount
of time it's going to take for you to go
through that process. I just know
eventually you'll reach a point where
the probability leans more in favor of
you doing that. I don't know if this is
the first video that you've ever seen
from me. I have no idea because it's
organic. If this is the sixth video
you've ever seen from me, maybe this is
the sixth video you've seen from me
today. Or maybe you've diffused that
timeline to be the fourth, fifth, or
sixth video and you're watching like one
a month or one every other month. I have
no idea where you're at in our current
process. All I know is with organic,
you'll eventually reach a point. The
tipping point is just in my favor and
it's in your favor, too, cuz all our
offers are built to make you a fuckload
more money. We don't make any specific
income claims, but I assure you, we
understand the game. You spend whatever
you're going to spend with us. Our goal
is to turn those dollars into more
dollars than what you spend. Okay? We do
it well. But to be clear, here's my
point. With cold paid advertising, I
have so much more influence, control,
and awareness of where that person's at
within our process, and I can influence
it specifically based on where they're
at. All I can really do with my organic
audiences is just continue to pump out
more content, continue to post more for
them, but I don't really get to
influence when they see what like I can
do with paid advertising efforts for
warm or cold audiences. with cold
audiences. I know that when you opt into
that funnel I've got or when you buy
that low ticket thing or when you
officially get your ticket to come to
whatever that event is or when you
officially book your free thing to get
the demo account, whatever it is, I know
that you did it. And as soon as you do
it, I can deploy immediately and
instantaneously a bunch of content
specific to what you would likely want
to see after you take XYZ of an action.
and I can influence your buying behavior
to tighten the time frame of when you're
probable to buy. Unlike organic where
it's just diffused and random and long
in some instances. So here's my point.
With cold paid advertising, I have
influence with advertising period. I
have influence over what I can put in
front of you, when I can put it in front
of you, how many things I put in front
of you, and I can quantify all of it
with data and put more dollars or less
dollars behind it relative to me
achieving the desired frequency accounts
and the desired quantity of those pieces
of content I want to put in front of
you. I can change things in and out as
they work or don't work. I can add more
emails. I can lengthen or shorten the
amount of time I condense those emails.
I have your information. I can have my
salespeople call up and provide
valuedriven follow-up to you and
establish communication line. I can hit
you with all kinds of different offers.
I have if this then that logic that I
can exploit. But if I just do cold paid
advertising the way that people who suck
at it do, all I'm going to do is just
take the funnel that's working on
organic target people who have no idea
who the [__] I am and then just [__]
when it doesn't work. You see what I'm
saying? You have to go into it with a
strong intention to get the outcome that
you're after. But it's a slightly
different game. That's all it is. It's
just a slightly different game. Okay?
Baseball and softball are pretty similar
in terms of the field that they're
played on, but they play with completely
different balls and completely different
bats and completely different players.
You see, it's completely different rule
set. They pitch differently. It's not
the same. They're close, but they're not
the same. You can't go on to a softball
field with a baseball bat and a
baseball. People are going to be like,
"What the [__] you doing here?" That's
what happens when you fail with cold
paid advertising. You roll over the
things from organic, just the funnel in
most instances, and fall flat on your
face and wonder why. And you just blame
the ad platforms or the [__]
advertiser you hired, you know, when in
reality, it's your fault. And you don't
understand how the game works. So, you
hire people who you think do. And when
you don't know how to hold them
accountable, I mean, think about that.
Yeah, it's a pipe dream. Ideally, you
could hire somebody who comes into your
business and just knows what they're
doing and knows how to drive it up and
has the expertise to be capable of doing
so. But you don't pay those kinds of
dollars to get those kinds of people.
Instead, you work with absolute [__]
turds and you have no idea what you're
doing. So, you don't know how to hold
them accountable. You don't know how to
train them. You don't even know how to
talk to them. You just listen to what
the turds tell you they're going to do.
And then when it doesn't work, you just
move on to another turd or you just give
up completely. It's time to end that
cycle. You need to step up and learn for
the first time about one of the most
important skills that exists in
business, advertising and marketing.
Imagine if you omit the skill of
learning how to sell. How silly would
that be? Would you have gotten remotely
close to where you're at today if you
just omitted sales and did the same
thing you do with your advertisers and
marketers and agency owners you work
with with your salespeople? No. You
wouldn't be [__] remotely close to
where you are if you did that with that
skill set. But yet you do it with
advertising and marketing cuz organic's
gotten you to what? Couple hundredk a
month. A measly [__] couple hundredk
a month. There's two types of people
that watch this channel. The people both
scenarios know exactly what I'm saying
to be true. One's just fed up enough
with acting like what they're currently
making is enough. They're finally ready
to get to the point where they're
increase their probabilities of hitting
million-dollar months. If that's you,
link in the description. Join the inner
circle program. Fill out the
application. Speak to my team. You got
questions for us, we got questions for
you. See if it's a good fit. We got a
mastermind coming up soon and I think
it'd be really beneficial for you to be
there. Either way, subscribe to the
channel if you're not subscribed yet. Go
watch some of my other videos, catch up
on the ones that you missed, and go out
there and get richer. Toxin.